CASMINST-5104 DOCS: shandy full system power off/on procedure updates (#2218)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/power_management/Power_On_and_Start_the_Management_Kubernetes_Cluster.md

    pdsh@ncn-m001: ncn-w001: ssh exited with exit code 3
    ```

>     1. On each NCN where `cfs-state-reporter` is stuck in `activating` as shown in the preceding error messages, restart the `cfs-state-reporter` service. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. On each NCN where `cfs-state-reporter` is stuck in `activating` as shown in the preceding error messages, restart the `cfs-state-reporter` service.

        For example:
```

    1. Check the status again.

        ```bash
        ncn-m001# pdsh -w $(grep -oP 'ncn-\w\d+' /etc/hosts | sort -u |  tr -t '\n' ',') systemctl status cfs-state-reporter
        ```

>     1. If there are still issues with `cfe-state-reporter` on the storage nodes, then it might be due to a spire issue which can be addressed with this script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If there are still issues with `cfe-state-reporter` on the storage nodes, then it might be because of a Spire issue which can be addressed with this script.
```

1. Use the `sat` command to check for management NCNs in an `Off` state.

    ```bash
    ncn-m001# sat status --filter role=management --filter enabled=true \

>     --filter=state=off --fields xname,aliases,state,flag,role,subrole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  --filter=state=off --fields xname,aliases,state,flag,role,subrole
```

    +----------------+----------+------------+---------+---------------------+----------------------+-------------+
    ```

    1. If some nodes are not fully "configured", find any CFS sessions in progress.

    ```bash
    kubectl -n services --sort-by=.metadata.creationTimestamp get pods | grep cfs
    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk                    7/9     Error       0          21m
    cfs-157af6d5-b63d-48ba-9eb9-b33af9a8325d-tfj8x                    3/9     Not Ready   0          11m
    ```

    CFS sessions which are in "Not Ready" status are still in progress. CFS sessions with status "Error" had a failure in one of the layers.

    1. Inspect all layers of Ansible configuration to find a failed layer.

    ```bash
    ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-0
    ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-1
    ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-2
    ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-3

>     ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-4
```

    ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-5

>     ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-6
```

>     ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-7
```

    ncn-m001# kubectl logs -f -n services cfs-51a7665d-l63d-41ab-e93e-796d5cb7b823-czkhk ansible-8

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```
```
